Style guide-ish improvements (#16419)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/index.md

---

> title: .NET Standard guide

Reviewer: the folder name is misleading. It's just .NET Guide. We tried to come up with better names but never reached a consensus. We could try again. Some options were .NET Fundamentals, .NET Primer, etc.

```suggestion
title: .NET guide
```

description: Learn about .NET and .NET Standard.
author: cartermp
ms.date: 12/27/2019
ms.technology: dotnet-standard
ms.assetid: bbfe6465-329d-4982-869d-472e7ef85d93
---

> # .NET Standard guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# .NET guide
```

> The .NET Standard guide provides information about .NET Standard. Depending on your familiarity with .NET, you may wish to explore different sections of this guide and other guides such as [.NET Core](../core/index.md) or [.NET Framework](../framework/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET guide provides information about .NET. Depending on your familiarity with .NET, you may wish to explore different sections of this guide and other guides such as [.NET Core](../core/index.md) or [.NET Framework](../framework/index.md).
```

## New to .NET

If you want a high-level overview of .NET, see [What is .NET?](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/learn/dotnet/what-is-dotnet).

If you're new to .NET, see [Get started](get-started.md).

If you prefer to have a guided tour through major features of .NET, see [Tour of .NET](tour.md).

For an overview of the various pieces of .NET and how they fit together, see [.NET architectural components](components.md).

> 

Reviewer: I'd keep this and the new to .NET Standard bit

> ## Port .NET Framework code or NuGet packages

Reviewer: It seems a bit incomplete without saying porting to what... probably the package bit could be removed and could be just in the description

```suggestion
## Port .NET Framework code to .NET Standard or .NET Core
```

---
title: .NET Standard guide
description: Learn about .NET and .NET Standard.
author: cartermp
ms.date: 12/27/2019
ms.technology: dotnet-standard
ms.assetid: bbfe6465-329d-4982-869d-472e7ef85d93
---
# .NET Standard guide

The .NET Standard guide provides information about .NET Standard. Depending on your familiarity with .NET, you may wish to explore different sections of this guide and other guides such as [.NET Core](../core/index.md) or [.NET Framework](../framework/index.md).

## New to .NET

If you want a high-level overview of .NET, see [What is .NET?](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/learn/dotnet/what-is-dotnet).

If you're new to .NET, see [Get started](get-started.md).

If you prefer to have a guided tour through major features of .NET, see [Tour of .NET](tour.md).

> For an overview of the various "pieces" of .NET and how they fit together, see [.NET architectural components](components.md).

Reviewer 2: Is the double quotes necessary here ?

My personal opinions is that they're distracting. The sentence still reads good without it.

```suggestion
For an overview of the various pieces of .NET and how they fit together, see [.NET architectural components](components.md).
```

## New to .NET Core

If you're new to .NET Core, see [Get started with .NET Core](../core/get-started.md).

## New to .NET Standard

> If you're new to .NET Standard, see [.NET Standard](net-standard.md).

Reviewer 2: Currently, the "Get started with .NET Core" link exists in the "Get started with .NET."

Why not add a link for "Get started with .NET Standard" there too. Then, in this article, just leave **only** the "Get started with .NET" and delete "Get started with .NET Core" and "Get started with .NET Standard" as they're linked to in "Get started with .NET".

That could be done in another PR as it's far from being style guide improvement. But just taking your opinion.

## Port .NET Framework code to .NET Core

> If you want to port an application, service, or some component of a system to .NET Core, see [Port to .NET Core from .NET Framework](../core/porting/index.md).

Reviewer 2: I think this is simpler.

```suggestion
To port an application, service, or some component of a system to .NET Core, see [Port to .NET Core from .NET Framework](../core/porting/index.md).
```

## Port a NuGet package from .NET Framework to .NET Standard or .NET Core

> If you want to port a NuGet package to .NET Standard, see [Port to .NET Core from .NET Framework](../core/porting/index.md). Tooling for .NET Standard and .NET Core is shared, so the content is relevant for porting to both .NET Standard and .NET Core.

Reviewer 2: This section links to the same article as the previous one. Maybe the previous one can be deleted ?

## .NET concepts

> If you're interested in some of the major concepts of .NET, see:

Reviewer 2: To be consistent with the other sentence in this same article.

```suggestion
For more information about the major concepts of .NET, see:
```
